Alina. A very proud young lady with extreme wealth and power.

Alina- A beautiful extremely wealthy young women from somewhere with very extreme tastes.  Her mother is an extremely powerful individual that owns a country and is heir to rule half of the countries around them. They live almost in a fantasy world where rules often slide to the side. People know what they are about and expect to see certain aspects of their lives broadcasted. The rich and powerful gather with them and they make decisions (or try too) 

How does this even involve me? well interesting enough I have fallen into the arms of alina. Bought to be exact. Traded for an extremely high amount of money in a human auction I end up as Alina's.


Writing this at work is kind of ... well it is kinda not good I should suppose. The idea is still fresh in my head, and I would like to follow it. It gives me a chance to imagine this sort of senario that will never happen and it would/maybe go much differently. I havent fully developed anyone in the story and it is just a thought from last night and into today.  I am suprised that I even thought about it today. Alina is very confident, but very human. She is sadistic and sweet at the same time. She thinks that she is control (while most of the time is) but some times finds her self suprised at her new pet. Feelings and emotions that she didnt want or even think to occur have happened. While she has had many before him (me) they have all been off. When her eyes set upon me for the first time, she gets weak in the knees and is overcome with emotion. she states that he is perfect and with a very passionate kiss, is convinced that he is the one she has been searching for.



I have let them down , so i can no longer look into their eyes. The sadness overcomes me and pulls me down into a state that I can no longer take. the screen flashes but I do not realize what is going on yet. The email has taken its time to get to me even though in this modern time, things should be instant. In a distant country a long period of time away a club exists. Give consent and they take your freedom and you become someone elses obsession. Their object to play with. What ever they want you do, what ever they desire you preform. No more let downs. Only servatude.

#Chapter 1


It took her a moment to look at him. To focus on his features and really take in what she was looking at. The boy was strapped in a adult stroller, bibbed, diapered and wearing a lavender onsie. His eyes were closed, probably dreaming of some far away place, or the life he had left behind. Her knees became weak and she braced herself on the marble column. He was perfect.The blond hair, soft face, tall and looked exactly what she always sought after. She approached huffing and grinning widely. His breathe labored up and down, fast alseep from the drugs no doubt. She brushed his cheek and pulled away to her mother. She had wheeled him in. She couldn't get the words out of her mouth , she simple shook her head and smiled. 

"I hope you like him, he was very expensive" her mother walked to bring them both in front of him "I hope this one lasts longer than the last one. The maids are getting a little scared which one of them might be next on your trip." She snapped her fingers and a maid came from the corridor. "Take hime upstairs to Alina's room, she can play with him after dinner"

Dinner was brief. Alina stuffed her self with everything insight then asked to be excused. Her mother lectured her a bit on proper behavior then released her.  Alina rushed up stairs. Through the large granite entrance, up the red lined stairs to her vaulted bedroom. Her hands pressed upon the door to ease them open. There he was. Still sound alseep, bound to his stroller. She licked her lips like a lion looking at her prey. Too many have come before him, too many have failed her expectations. He had not even opened his mouth yet and she knew he was going to be different.  He stirred in his binds, she inhale quickly. He breathed deeply and opened his eyes. His head leaned forward and his eye lids slowly raised. Hazel eyes. She got lost for a moment staring at them. He wasnt just looking, he was more examining her. A defient look to an extent. That was it though, just a look he gave her. No struggling , no screaming, barely any reaction. Most fought from the very beginning, but he seemd to know what he was doing here. Something like he was in control. She scoffed. It was time to show this baby boy who he was. With out saying a thing , she released the pacifier from this mouth. Spit dripped off it onto his bib and her hand. Still he said nothing. Just a few breathes from his mouth. Taking in the deep air that had been denied from him. Next she undid the straps binding him to the stroller. They all conjoined to the center, just above his belly button. A small key unlocked the device and everything unhinged. She flung them to the sides of the stroller and once again stepped back. Maybe he was just to tired to do anything. Was he stilled drugged. She was looking forward to beating him into submission, but he already seemd to be submissive. His body , but not his mind. His eyes still looked at her with a look that suggested she was meerly there for him. 
"Do you know why your here?" Aline spoke. she sat in a chair, arms and legs crossed just a few feet away from him.

"It looks like I was bought by you" his voice was a little weak. It would of been a few days since he would of said a word. 

"That is right. I have bought you. Which means I own all of you. I get to do what ever I please with you." Alina stood up and walk back to her door "I choose my playmates very carefully. They all are my babies. In almost every regard. In the past I have had not the best luck" she spun around and approached him quickly. She smacked him hard agaisnt the face. He coughed and let out a yell. "All the pain and pleasure you will feel is because of me" He returned his gaze toward her. Still the defience remained. 

"It is a pleasure to be in your service then" She smacked him again on the opposite of the face. This time her fell from this stroller to the ground. His limbs were still numb from the drugs. He couldnt get up. 

"In time you will learn to respect and obey." she smirked. "Look at you, so pathetic. Diapered and can't even stand by your self. Who ever you were before this, you didn't deserve to be" The sweetness she felt for him had been over come with power. He flipped onto his back and breathe deep acouple of times.

" I would be careful not to break me so fast" a small chuckle exscaped him between breathes. Her foot struck him in the stomach then on the side. "Very abusive, no wonder you cant find anyone" taunting still? 

"You think you can just keep saything things like that with out getting punished? Do you want to be crippled or something?" He held his side and sat up on the floor. His eyes once again found her, but this time the look was more worried. Those eyes didn't seemed worried for himself, but for her. "fuck" she whispered to her self. She crouched next to him. "Why are you acting so cool right now? You signed your life away" He wiped his lips and rubbed his cheeks.

"This is what I deserve. If I can serve you in some way. That is all I can do. Let me help you." This is why she swore under her breathe. She had sensed in that look he gave her. He strived to more than just her play thing. She pointed to him.

"You annoy me." she started to laugh as she stood. A maid busted through the door.

"My miss are you alright?" her face was worried. Her mother and a couple of maids followed behind her. They all looked at the boy on the floor. His face already bright red from the slaps from earlier. 

"Alina, is everythign alright with your new toy?" her mother moved through the maids into the room. Alina's laughter grew softer and she caught her breathe. 

"Oh hes as perfect as I thought mother" She snapped her fingers "Bring me some diapers and a change of clothes for him. Also bring a crib. He needs to sleep with his mommy the first couple of nights" Her head turned to him. She couldnt tell by his face, but by the way he was fidgeting around, he was blushing.
