A short story about a Princess stuck in a well.

Once upon a time there was a place on a map that was called Rolan. Rolan was a small little village with a well off to the south. Now this well was made out of moss covered stones and was never used for getting water out of. In this well resided a town of its self. This town called adel sat at the bottom of this moss covered well. The streets we dusty and muddy and when it rained the town turned into a mud bath. Now in Adel their lived a princess. A beautiful one at that. Her hair was golden down to her hips, eyes green as emeralds and fair white skin. At the edge of the town of adel, next to the south wall. Her small house sat leaned against the dusty wall. Made out of wood which all the houses were, her house was just a little bit bigger than anyone else’s. This princess name was Mina. Her origins and the way she became a princess is not important, But what is important is what happens to her. And here we go!

The lanterns hung from the roof tops of the wooden houses around town like a festival. Eternally glowing with embers they were the only thing that provided light to the folks in adel. Under them swung a young maiden ,Mina , her long blonde hair swaying back and forth. Her hands clutched a wicker basket full of fruit from the traders of ashban.  Her eyes flickered back and forth to towns folk to towns folk saying her hi’s and how-you-do’s. Always friendly with everyone but a firecracker if challenged.  She likes speaking her mind and will always compete if need be.  She approached the middle of the town. A large stone circle covered the floor underneath the only natural light that shined down form the mystical world of above. The thin glimmer of light shined down what seemed like an endless cavern hanging in her sky. Sometimes the light disappeared, wisping away whenever it wanted to. She wondered why it did that. Eluding her eyes , tempting her imagination by leaving her.  She started up and once again the light disappeared, but this time sparked a little bit. Something seemed to be coming closer as she peered up. She gasped as the figure reached the top of her sky. It was a man falling down into adel! Mina scrambled as fast as she could to gather sheets and cushions from all the surrounding houses. People looked at her like she was mad, dragging sheep wool stuffed cushions out into the cobble stone. She could see the man getting closer and closer, bigger and bigger. She stepped back from her cushioned platform hoping that somehow that he would land where she wanted him to. The world stopped as the man slammed into her target. With poof he hit and sprang a little bit into the air as recoil.  There he lay motionless. Dead maybe?  The townsfolk peered out their windows gathered around Mina staring at the stranger from the world above.  He looked different, clothed in green and brown clothe shirt with leather chaps. His hair semi long and brown disheveled abstracting his face from view. Mina motioned to the towns folk to help her get him up and to her house on the south wall. Hesitant they helped her, dragging the man on a mattress all the way. They got him to her house and laid him upon the sofa inside her livening room. Mina shooed off the towns folks and saw to her injured companion laying upon her stitched green couch.  She didn’t observe any outside injuries, but she just didn’t know, his breathing was stuttered and frail. Her worries surrounded her, but she pushed through them and got some water and put a damp cloth upon his forehead.  She peered at his face, long and slender. A scar on his right cheek, three lines branching out like wings caught her attention. She sat dreamily staring and dreaming of the world above, through that little light that shined from above. If only one day.  She sat not even noticing that her world had become a sleepy dream.  
	
	She jumped up from her wooden chair realizing that she had fallen asleep. Her eyes danced around the couch. Where no man remained.  She turned around, bolting for the door.  She pushed through the door to the sight of the young man standing there outside, staring at the sky with his arms crossed.  He turned around, his mouth in a wolfish grin showing some sharp teeth. His eyes were like nothing she had ever seen.  Dark blue as if he had looked into the bottom of the ocean and took a snap shot with his eyes. Their eyes met. Her breathe stopped. Blank, her mind remained, heart pounding in her chest. Her unfolded his arms being total unaffected by her. 
“Seems like I lived, eh ?”  His hand went to  his hair brushing it back a little. “I am guessing that you are the one that saved me? “ he extended his hand. Mina wide eyed, extended her hand but then stopped. Her thoughts raced, she doesn’t even know this guy , he could be a murdered or something for all she knew.  She saw him raise his eyes brows. She did save his life. Their hands met. Firm and rough his skin melted with hers. 
“What’s your name” She cleared her throat narrowing her eyes. 
“Jack” his extended his arms up into the air “and yours my beautiful?” She scrunched up her  face, haha flattery? What is he thinking?  
“My name is Mina” slowly her face turned into a kind of seductive smile. “how did you get down here?” She brushed off her dress shifting her weight to her right leg. 
“well this might or sound silly, but I was watching the clouds and I tripped over a helmet on the ground.” He said rubbing his teeth with his thumb.
“what are clouds? Are they some sort of women or something” Mina asked completely serious. Jack laughed loudly waving his hands at her.
“no they are not women, clouds are the white puffy things in the sky.” Jack didn’t realize that the sky that adel was the dark dingy ceiling that was above him. Mina shook her head trying to comprehend what he was saying. 
“well at least come inside” She waved for him to come follow him “I have some soup for us”   They headed back inside as a faint thumbing came from the area above. Jack turned toward where he had fallen from, the glimmering light now gone, replaced by a waterfall of rain.
**
