She looked forward to the times where she didnt feel completely useless. Those days seemed so far away. Everything was so complicated and nothing she did turned the stones the right way. Only things that  looked like ti could help , only made the other things worse. For once she noticed her feelings, but it seemed it was too late. Too little could be recovered from the wreckage that she was now. Just peices of a person left. Left with out a purpose. Roaming and waiting for soem one to give her a direction. an order.  Something, anything. Somethign to giver her hope , a destiney to call her own. But that day would never come. She would wander and wait for something.  Somethign that would never come. Never close, never far away. Always fleeting. In a way it was her fault for relaying on the ways of others to guide her to The end of her journey. She had looked for the path , but it was still hidden in her fears and insecurities. Why fall behind when you can get ahead. These things would always come back to haunt her when the lights went out. when the sound of her breathing filler her head and the darkness invaded her inner world. The thoughts that crept where hers and hers alone, to deal with and cry over. they enveloped her with such force that once inside there was no escape from them. Just a  constant fallign in a nightmare that was so real, that the fear itselft carried into the waking ours of daylight. She wondered if her life would ever just remain the same or would it keep chaning at a will. morphing into the desires of other people. Would she ever be able to regain the suddle fullness of life that she once knew.  or was it just a dream scatted in the mist of time. She would never know, unless she foudn the courage to venture out of her self and into the darkness that was so unkown that is sustained it self off of pure mystery. Like a candle in the night it flickers in and out, casting its brilliant light across the object around it. It protects those from the shadows that hunt them and the terrible things that claw from the crevices of life. Interesting enough, those thigns will not likely coem out and pursue
