So tell me, what do you see when you look into the world. Does it matter what I want to do or does it not look like what I have see before. 


She looked down the street through the fog that rolled in from the skies. It seemed to cover everything that was alive and it kenlt besides the cobblestone. Her eyes tried to focus on the shadow like figure moving around in the fog, but it was no use. The next thing was to turn and run. To get away from the rolling cloud of death that might come alive and snatch her up from the place that she was.

Her heels clicked and clacked on the uneven cobble. She didnt dare to turn and look. Only animalistic instincs drove her now. She reached the end of the street and collapsed to her knees. Her breathing labored and sweat running down the side of her face. Her eyes looked up to the moon which seemed to be getting closer to her. The light almost blinding her whe she focused on it. Her head snapped to see if the fog was still on its pursuit. The street was empty. Everything was emtpy , only the light from the moon illuminted the street. Slowly she proped her self against the wall next to her. It was cool and relaxing. Her breathing slowly got back to normal as she wiped her forehead removing the strands of hair that had fallen out of her delicatly assembled hairstyle. One deep breathe and she recomposed her self and started back towards her original destination. The dukes manor. A tall victorian building at the edge of town. Towers jetsoned into the air in spirals with cone chaped roofs.

There is no tellign what we look for when things do not go the way we planned it. So when we look down into our selves we see things that we do not want to see and forget what we want to do , just do the thhings that make us comfortable. These things are known to me. 

Things that scare you will advance you in your quest for greatness and to do what you  want to do . the potential is limitles if you just want ot take the steps to believe in your self and get with it. We go through life letting other dicatate what we do, not becuase they do things that are not scary , but becaues they have also gotten comfotable in a position that allows them ,beacuse of time , they have the choice that will allow them to influence people. The boss dont alwyas know what is the right thing and they might be too busy to take on new challenges, but htat doesnt mean you should ignorw them , they know what they are doing and HTey have the experience to back it up. People are not bad, they have seen things and experienced thigns that you have not, your job is not to criticize them , but to leanr from them. Do not do thing unless you need to do them to further your goal or to deepen yourself nad your spiri Everyone has a story.

In all honesty , it is way easier to sit back and just sleep then try to do anyThing. What do you want to achieve is a question that you need to constantly ask your self and reevaulatate . If you do not, you will be left with out dated goals. What do I want to do and when do I want ot do it by or when do I want to do it. I want to become the best league of legends player ever. Better than faker, better than pawn and diamondprox. I want to the best ,I want ot grow a global empire out of it. I want to start this dream now. 

Interesting people are around me now. They are almost like nomads trying ot find their place in the world. I thnk we are all kind of like this to some extent. Always searching untill the one day we get to busy to search or we find what we were looking for. Interesting enough, many never fidn what they had been striving for. it might be something that was unreachable or they jsut didnt have it in them to go for it. What ever the reasson is youshould always be striving for what you want. You should identifiy that when you strive and make thigns possiblae, you give off the example that anyone can do it. I am not a father yet, but i want my kids to have extremely open midns, and be able to problem solve, not be afraid of failing and just be the best they can be be.  I want ot be there for them , but I also want ot share my pssion with them , even if they do not like it. To an extent it will teach them to follow their dreams. I hope.


He looked towards the starts and left what he wanted behind him. It was all to late to go back, and he didnt want too. So do take things peronsally. It is just something that he needed to do. His freinds and family wouldnt understand what he needed to do. Which was okay with him. The nights would be long and hard, netherless he would prevail. His dreams would be his to carry into the future. He would dictate what he wanted to be. Nothing would let his soul donw. Nothign would stop him. The determination was set in stone for him to run as much as he could.

# Looking for the end


We will see if this updates anything or looks like anything else.
