	For the longest time her thoughts went from conscious to unconscious.  Time slipped from seconds to minutes then to hours. All blending into one seemingly long eternity. Her eyes fixed on the blue metal towers raising out of the ground outside. Blue lights hibernated on each side.  Down below the city vibrant and alive moved with lights and sounds. Trees, glass and metal all melded together to create a utopia of synthetic nature. The city, was Baabel. Raised in the early years of 2060’s after the bio-mechanics and cold fusion were perfected. The city was to made using the newest technology and brought to the pinnacle of human evolution. Humans were no longer humans. Nature was no longer just nature. Technology had now fused with both. Nature, machine and humans were all now one. With nano-machines being able to evolve and procreate the new age of technology appeared.  Human beings could now be enhanced with synthetics and other various sorts of technology. Nature would evolve and  imbed technology in itself to make its self more efficient and able to survive. Over ten years the world changed drastically. From an age with out bio-mechanics to an age that could no live with out them. Now standing proud in the middle of the baltic city stood mans newest and greatest living city, Baabel.  Tall glass skyscrapers impaled the clouds and trains, walkways slithered between them.  In the center of  Baabel stood Paradigm enterprises. A hotel, mall, office and entertainment building in one. It was the tallest  and grandest building ever built. Glass and marble formed into twisting waves shot off the sides of the building towards the ground. One large tower shot out of three less gigantic ones. Trees protruded from the side of the towers glass structure.  While others were remaining in their handing garden.  The building was lit all around and would change color from time to time. The blue towers out in the distance were cold fusion reactors. The rose out of the sea and powered the city and most of the mainland as well.  Energy in this day and age was no longer and issue. It was cheap, clean and unlimited.  For once the snow stared to fall between October and November. She watched the snowflakes fall in her glass tower. Eyes focused on the flakes. Then on the glass in front of her. Bright shining green eyes looked back at her in the reflection. Holographic implants which made her eyes shine. Only certain people had them. She laid back down into her comforter.
